# 02. The Evolution of Management 

Economies of scale
- reductions in the average cost of a unit of production as the total volume produces increases

Systematic management
  - a classical management approach that attempted to build into operations the specific procedures and processes that would ensure coordination of effort to achieve established goals and plans

Systematic Management
- Goals were achieved through:
  - Careful definition of duties and responsibilities.
  - Standardized techniques for performing these duties.
  - Specific means of gathering, handling, transmitting, and analyzing information.
  - Cost accounting, wage, and production control systems to facilitate internal coordination and communications

Scientific management
- a classical management approach that applied scientific methods to analyze and determine the “one best way” to complete production tasks
- Introduced by Frederick Taylor

Four Principles of Scientific Management
- Management should develop a precise, scientific approach for each element of one’s work to replace general guidelines.
- Management should scientifically select, train, teach, and develop each worker so that the right person has the right job.
- Management should cooperate with workers to ensure that jobs match plans and principles.
- Management should ensure an appropriate division of work and responsibility between managers and workers.

Bureaucracy 
- A classical management approach emphasizing a structured, formal network of relationships among specialized positions in the organization
- Championed by Max Weber

Characteristics of an Effective Bureaucracy Table
-------------------------------------------------

|         |           |
| ------------- |:-------------:|
| 1. Division of Labour | Task, assignment, and authority are clealy specified. |
| 2. Authority | A chain of command or hierarchy is well established |
| 3. Qualification | Employees are selected and promoted based on their qualifications. |
| 4. Ownership| Managers, not owners, should run the origanization. |
| 5. Rules and controls| Impersonal rules should be applied consistently and fairly|



-- continued from ch-2
