# 1.

Fundamental Security Principle
-------------------------------
- Layering: It is foremost and front-seat of protection.
- Limiting: To limit things that malicious want to exploit in. Example: Limiting brute forcing password.
- Diversity: Idea is that hacker cannot exploit all system. Example: Different OS.
- Obscurity: Hiding services, so malicious person don’t know what service is running.
- Simplicity: It is required because IT is meant to make it easy, not harder. Making whole simple to sysadmin but no outside of sysadmins.

Analysis
---------
Based on my analysis, I can say that more diverse the computer are the more less chance the hacker / intruder can get access through vulnerabilities. Every day one or two vulnerability pops up. Some vulnerable that finder don’t want to share to company but want to sell the highest bidder. Some vulnerability only found after a year or so. So keeping updated system is required. Monitoring every employee activity, so they don’t end up in place where they should not be. Layering is important but in my opinion layer are meant to make hacker slow his work, can layering can have backdoor and it is meant to alert us. There is encryption such as AES-128; it is harder and cryptographically un-hackable but can be brute force easily. In opinion using encryption such as B-crypt which consume time to hack it. Limiting is an absolute way to make intruder not get in; but not have bug in system. Obscurity is great way make intruder don’t know which device person are using so they cannot find vulnerability; tool such as NMAP can scan the network and estimate which service are using and which version in it. Simplicity is good idea for the sysadmin but making system way simple is a bad idea, hacker can figure it out way to exploit it. In Linux, there is SE-Linux, it is created by NSA, from my knowledge it is the best option anyone can use it secure their system tightly.

Who is responsible for attacks
------------------------------
- Broker
- Cyberterrorism
- Cyber criminals
- Hacktivist
- Insiders
- Script-Kitty
- State Sponsor Attacker

Attack techniques
-----------------
- Reconnaissance: Gathering Information
- Weaponization: Objective to doing.
- Delivery: How to send it email or pen drive
- Exploitation: Finding Vulnerability
- Installation: Installing virus with letting anti-virus knowing
- Command and Control (C&C): Getting Access to computer
- Action on Objectives: What a hacker or intruder what to do with the computer
