# 2.
Types of malware
----------------
- Viruses:
 - It is a malware that infects computer and can do anything with user data.
 - But it cannot move from one computer to another computer by itself. 
 - It need user interaction to transfer its file.
 - It’s can possible corrupt the data, which will be unreadable.
- Worms
 - It is a malware similar to virus but it can move from one computer to another computer without user interaction by network. 
 - It slow computer down because it try to replicate itself in another computer.
 - It can corrupt file or upload file to intruder server.
- Trojan horse
 - It is malware that disguise itself as another program.
 - Without showing any symptom, it execute itself.
 - It can also delete or modify or corrupt the data.
- Ransomware
 - It is malware that encrypts file and without a decryption key, no one can decrypt it.
  - It can also lock the screen, which cannot be exit by any means.
- Rootkits
 - It is malware that attack the core system and gain a highest level of privilege.
 - It is designed to remote access without detected by user or any anti-malware. 
- Logic bomb
 -It is not necessary a malware, but it can, the idea behind a logic bomb is; in certain event the logic bomb will be executed.
  - For Example: Trial version of software act’s in a certain date.
- Spyware
 - It is malware that spy on user without letting victim know.
 - It spy’s on keystroke, webcam or monitor web browser, monitor screen.
 - It is malware that is meant to steal credential by sniffing in keystroke.
- Adware
 - It is malware that monitor user behavior and monitor mostly which website a user goes to and create  a profile based on it.
 - So it can send a targeted ads to it, which a attacker can make profit out of it.
- Backdoor
 - It is malware that is similar to Trojan horse and worm but it give a attacker a backdoor to the system.
 - In which attacker can do anything to the system.
- Browser Hijacker
 - It is also called session hijack; it job to sniff the cookie of http socket which don’t have any encryption on it. So attacker can have access to user online account.
  - It can also redirect user to any website.
- Rogue security software
  - It is a malware that pretend to a software in plain sight, and which disable antivirus with or without user interaction and can do malicious attack to the system.
- Bot
  - Bot are main objective of attacker these day. It is when a attacker send payload to user and create a zombie to that computer, then attacker can do anything.
  - Attacker can DDOS the specific website. And use for computer processing power.


Types of social engineering:
----------------------------
- Dumpster driving:
 - It is an act of gathering information by searching in a dumpster; especially in cooperate dumpster. 
 - It is possible when a cooperate company doesn’t shred their document properly which might contain a company secret, plan or an employee information.
- Shoulder Surfing: 
 -	It is an act of look at person computer or any means of information by looking from a shoulder when passing by.
 - For example: mostly attack is done in airport when there are working in their document a person can take a picture from a shoulder while moving without user even noticing.
- Tailgating: 
 - It is an act of following a victim, acting as a he / she is going to same direction as the victim.
 - For example: getting inside of a private building act as he/she lives there.


How to avoid social engineering attacks:
----------------------------------------
- Protecting yourself from dumpster driving: 
 - Always shred document multiple time and put it in different garbage bag of same document.
 - Possible burn the document. It is not ethical things to do but it is the best thing to do.
- Protecting yourself from Shoulder Surfing: 
 - Always entering a password, use a password manager which auto complete the password without showing any information.
 - Do not open or write a personal or job document in public.
 - Decrease a screen brightness.
 - Do not leave computer open when not attending.
- Protecting yourself from Tailgating: 
 - Like in Hollywood movie always make multiple turn to know if it following you or not.
 - Do not let the door open or anyone.
 - Always go from long way. Because, nobody wants to travel from long way
