# Injection Attacks

Server-side attacks 
-------------------
Idea behind is to compromise server and which can help comprise client-side or other user too.

Types of server-side attacks
----------------------------
- Cross-site Scripting:
  - XSS are server-side attack done from client-side by injecting script.
  - XSS are usually possible if the website isn’t well formatted;
  - Example: missing tags.
  - Defense: Reviewing code.
- XML injection
  - XML injection are server-side attack done from client-side by compromise logic.
  - XML injection are usually possible if the website xml isn’t well formatted logically
  - Defense: Checking logic before sending to the database
- Command Injection:
  - Command Injection are server-side attack done from client-side by sending command in command line.
  - Command Injection are usually possible if the web application is venerable
  - Defense: Validating input before executing.
- Directory traversal:
  - Directory traversal are server-side attack done from client-side by going on private permission folder.
  - It occur when permission is not placed properly.
  - Defense: Fixing permission on folder that user aren’t meant to be in.

Client-side attacks
--------------------
Client-side attacks are attack that is modification on the website behavior; on the only specific client.

Types Client-side attacks
-------------------------
- Header Manipulation: 
  - It is when you manipulate the header of the website to give different data.
  - Defense against on these kind attack are rare and harmless.
- Cookies
  - Cookies are file that contain which website is viewed. Have a session information to.
  - Manipulating cookie can get any user to any other user account. Can make user browse in other website which he/she is viewed (referrer website)
  - Defense against is to get random cookie and have pseudorandom session id.
- Attachments
  - Attachments are file that attacker send to victim to infiltrate the victim system.
  - This kind of attack is possible when victim open the file that attacker send.
  - Defense against is not to open spam attachment email file.
- Session Hijacking
  - Session hijacking is when attacker copy or steal the victim website session; therefore he has access to the victim account.
  - Defense against is that website should use ssl certificate (HTTPS protocol to hide all the communication)


Impartial Overflow Attacks
--------------------------
- Buffer Overflow:
  - Buffer overflow are the attack that is done by sending a lot of random data, to disturb its sequence.
  - Defense against buffer overflow are:
    - Avoid or remove unnecessary modules of web application.
    - Filter user input.
- Integer Overflow
  - Integer overflow are the attack that is done by finding limitation of integer that application can go to; after going back to begin of the starter of the integer.
  - Defense against are as follow:
    - use 64bit on it, because 64bit has more number than 32bit.
    - Stop the rapid flowing number.
- Arbitrary/Remote Code Execution
  - Arbitrary / remote code executive is done by executing arbitrary code to the system.
  - It is more less like Command Injection.
  - Defense against have permission in place so it cannot escape from it.

Networking-based attacks
------------------------
- 3-way handshake: 
  - 3-way handshake are the attack that is done by intercept handshake to victim and redirect to any website.
- DOS: 
  - DOS attack are the attack that by literally crashing the system and which will basically deny any request. 
- Man in middle(MITM):
  - Mitm is done by being middle man of the transaction of the communication between the two entity.
  - Defense against is to secure protocol.
  - For example: https, ssh
- Ping Flooding:
  - Ping Flooding attack are the being done by sending huge number of ICMP packet to the server, which make the server to stop function because of it cannot process through huge number of request.
- Syn Flooding:
  - Syn Flooding attack are the done sending huge number of syn packet to the server with no acknowledgement to it.
- Smurf Flooding:
  - Smurf Flooding is to manipulate the DNS system, sending Smurf flooding.
- Replay attack
  - Replay attack are attack that is attacker record the transaction and interrupt the same transaction and play the same transaction later.
  - Defense against is to use pseudorandom in each transaction.
- Arp poisoning
  - It is when attacker falsify the arp messages by injecting fake mac address making him gateway of victim packet. 
  - Defense is using spoof detection software.
- Dns poisoning
  - DNS Poisoning are the attack are that is done disguise DNS to redirect address to another website.

- Access right:
  - Access right are the attack done by hacking to the system, which doesn’t have a permission to block the access.
- Privilege Escalation:
  - Privilege Escalation are the attack done by escalating the permission of OS or file and having access to it.

