# 06. Cryptography

One-Time Pad(OTP): The idea behind was no it cannot be cracked from mathematically, because of it randomness, and choice of substitute number or character.

Why & Why not:
--------------
- It would be practical to OTPs if it need to be securely transfer information and PAD should have longer character(substitution) for only few persons.
- As a creation application or for cooperation, it is very hard to remember the PAD key which make it not that practical to use it daily and there are other cryptography method which is secure and easy to do it.

Diffie-Hellman
--------------
How Diffie-Hellman work is two people want to share information securely. They both agree in 1 key ‘number’; probably long prime number that they each put their own secret key. And using it math the result come out but and they share those outcomes to each other and again they will use the same secret key they used and there is the final product.

For example: 
------------
- Person A choose it public number 11 and secret key 13 = x
- Person B choose it public number 11 and secret key 57 = y
- And then,
- Person A share x to B.
- Person B share y to A.
- And then,
- Person A who will use x and 13 = z
- Person B who will use y and 57 = z
- And now they can communicate securely. 


Basic Types of protection (Feature)
-----------------------------------
- Confidentiality: Only authorize person can view it.
- Integrity: Information is correct and cannot be modified; without unlocking it.
- Availability: Authorize person who have key can can unlock (unencrypt) it.
- Authentication: Can be verified.
- Non-repudiation: Inability to deny.


Symmetric Encrpytion
--------------------
Advantage:
- Simple: There is only one key; for both encryption and decryption.
- Extremely Secure: There are cryptography method; which is real hard to crack.
- Fast: It is very fast process to encrypt or decrypt. 
- Use less computer resources: Because it only key on both encryption and decryption. 

Disadvantage:
- Need for secure channel for secret key exchange: Have to generate each new to for new communication or encryption.
- Too many keys: Have to generate multiple for security reason.
- Origin and authenticity of message cannot be guaranteed: Cannot guarantee if the message is from the actual user or perpetrator. 


Asymmetric Encrpytion
---------------------
Advantage:
- Convenience: It solves the problem of create multiple key for different file. Because of its public key cryptography. 
- Provides for message authentication: It has digital signature.
- Detection of tampering: Information cannot be tamper without detection.

Disadvantage:
- Public key must be authenticated: Have to authenticated with public key; if that account belongs to same user.
- Slow: Because of two key, it takes more time to encrypt or decrypt.
- Use more computer resources: Because of two different key, it needs more computer processing power.
- Loss of private key may be irreparable: If the private key is lost. You cannot retrieve that file.


Asymmetric Cryptographic Algorithms: It is used for encrypt and decrypt with two different key.
Feature:
--------
- Confidentiality
- Integrity
- Availability
- Authenticity
- Non-repudiation

Algorithm:
- RSA
- Elliptic Curve Cryptography (ECC)
- NTRUEncypt
- Quantum

Table of Cryptography
---------------------

| Feature        | Message Digest | Secure Hash Algorithm  | Whirlpool | RIPEMD |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|-----:|-----:|
| Size of the digest| 128 Bits | 160 Bit | 512 Bits|128 Bits|
|No. of rounds to create a hash|	64|	80|	10|	48|
|Block size|512 Bits|512 Bits|512 Bits|512 Bits|
|Created by|	Ronald Rivest|	NSA|	Paulo Barreto and Vincent Rijmen|	Hans Dobbertin, Bart Preneel, Antoon Bosselares|
|Previous hash it was derived from|MD4|MD5|AES Block Ciphers and Square|MD4|
|Strengths|Error Checking Ability|Error Checking Ability|Collision Resistant|Similar functions as SHA-1|
|Weakness|Not Collision Resistant, easily cracked|Not Collision Resistant|No weakness|Not Collision Resistant|

My Advice
----------
- I recommend the company to take action by changing their encryption to asymmetric / public key encryption. Because it has the feature are as follow: -
  - Confidentiality
  - Integrity
  - Availability
  - Authenticity
  - Non-repudiation

- It is more secure than private key (symmetric cryptography key).
- First make a copy of all the file which is encrypted and decrypting it and generate an asymmetric key; might want to generate multiple depending on braches.
- And encrypting it public key and replace it with the one which is currently used. 
- Might also want to do it, streaming data; because of data generate every single second.
- Encrypting all the important and non-important files.
- It can hurt convenience sometime but it is best practice to do it.
