# 07.md

HTTPS:
It is becoming increasingly more popular as a security protocol for web traffic.

Advantages of HTTPS
- It is secure.
- No one beside the server and client can intercept the actually packet.
- Beside the server and client, middle man cannot have a valid packet.	

Disadvantages of HTTPS
- Company cannot intercept the actually packet; if they want to keep track. They can only see the link of website.
- HTTPS mean trusting the server side.
- If the server side is compromise, you are compromise as well.

HTTP VS HTTPS
- The difference between the HTTP and HTTPS are as follow:
  - HTTP packet and cookie can be intercept easily. But HTTPS cannot.
	- Using HTTP is like telling everybody what you are using.
  - Middle-Man and Even Service Provider can logging the user account. 
  - But HTTPS is very secure that means; it is only between the server-side and client-side.
  
Pros of Digital Certification
- Speed: It is fast. Within less than second or even millisecond.
- Costs: It is cheap. And Digital Certification can be use multiple time for same certification.
- Security: It reduce or absolute no risk of being intercepted; while transmitting packet.
- Authenticity: No information can be editing; without the original user.
- Non-Repudiation: It assurance that someone cannot deny something.
- Imposter prevention: Imposter cannot fake the information or message.
- Time-Stamp: Everything is time-stamped in digital signature.

Cons of Digital Certification
- Expiry: Digital signatures can be expiring and have to obtain new digital certification.
- Certificates: They have to buy digital certificate from trusted certification authorities.
- Law: It is kind of the rule of the company that all the employee should use it.
- Compatibility: Both side need the compatible of the software they are using for digital certification.

TLS:
- Itis becoming the most popular cryptographic transport protocol used on web servers.

TLS Strengths
- It is secure than SSL v3.0.
- It has no known vulnerability.
- It is widely used.

TLS weaknesses
- It must be configured carefully.
- Choosing the encryption algorithms.
  - Using RC4 is bad idea because it is not strong as AES.
