# 09. IPv6 ICMP && BYOD

Internet Control Message Protocol (ICMP):
- Under IPv6 add more functionality than ICMP under IPv4. 
- Function ICMP of IPV6 are Fragmentation, Neighbor Discovery, and StateLess Address Autoconfiguration (SLAAC).

Fragmentation:
- Only the end user have to use this feature.
- The concept of Fragmentation is that if the file is too large than it drops the transmission and request that same file with small bits.
- ICMP needed to allow throughout the entire transmission; which open the network to flooding attacks.

Neighbor Discovery, and StateLess Address:
- It uses different protocol, than IPv4.
- It uses the Neighbor Discover Protocol (RFC 2461); to handle the translation of address.
- Neighbor Discover Protocol (NDP) feature is address resolution, next-hop discovery, router discovery, address prefix discovery, parameter discovery, neighbor unreachability detection and duplicate address detection.
- It has the Stateless Address AutoConfiguration (SLAAC) which allow the host to automatically generate addresses with no end user interaction. 
- Which let attacker to claim to be host.
- Attacker can also claim to be router.
- Attacker can also claim any host making / disturbing the network.

BYOD:
-----
- BYOD stands for Bring Your Own Device.
- It is when you bring your own devices, doesn’t matter which operating system is.
- Company tend not to apply company Security Policy On.
- It has many disadvantage which represent venerable to the network.

Advantage:
- Cost efficiently for company
- Employee Friendly
- Easily started
- Flexibility

Disadvantage:
- Costs for the employee
- Device Disparities
- Security Risk
- Company data stolen 
- Company data loss
Company data modification
Device can be installed malware for later on activate in company network
