# 10. SAML && ACL

SAML is Security Assertion Markup Language
------------------------------------------
It which is used to exchanging authentication and authorization data between parties.

Advantage:
- It is very secure.
- End user experience is very easy.
- IT Admin can easily maintain password in one location.

Disadvantage:
- User name can be only one.
- Single point of failure.


Microsoft Windows User Account Control:
- It is security measure made by Microsoft in order to if the user is inputing or using it; not a bot. It is designed to be secure because a virus or other bot can disguise as a keyboard but UAC disable software implementation of keyboard, so the user have to click by himself. UAC is secure, but a virus can disable it.
	
The strengths of UAC:
- Need absolute user permission.
- It is secure, have a different methodology of security.
	
Weakness of UAC:
- Virus or other malware can disable it.
- It uses different methodology.
- HID Devices.


LDAP is Lightweight Directory Access Protocol:
- It is a implementation of DAP protocol which enable anyone to locate or use individual and resources to a network from another network; similar to Remote Desktop Protocol; but only shell version.
- It infrastructure looks like a directory.
  - DN: Domain Name
  - CN: Common Name

Access Control List
-------------------
ACL is access control list. Which can allow, deny or default the value.
- It means to accept the request for a file or a network resource.
- It can also deny the request a resources.
- Or if it is a default value, it may inherited permission from a parent or just do as it default. 

Applies where?
- It applies in a file
- It applies in a user
- It applies in a group.
- It also applies on any object.

Separation of Duties
- It is a basic concept, that make sure that no one have all the power.
- If one administrator have all the power, he can modify the system as he please; can modify organization core function.
- It is own way to track, what one system administrator is doing.

Job Rotation
- It is concept, that can fundamental help company and discourage in a way that system is not going to do that company.
- For Example: If a person is not promoted for a long time, s/he might do something that can hamper the organization.

Least Privilege
- It is a concept that no one will give power unless they need.
- For Example: A library member, should not have privilege to access other department data or resources.

Implicit Deny
- It is a concept to deny all the request.
- For example: router can reject the packet from a website, if there is a implicit deny.

Why Access Control
- Stop giving unnecessary access to unauthorized person.
- It protect the data.
- It can prevent giving all the power to one person.

MAC
DAC
